what's going on guys here here and here
is our double upload of the day finally
we're back with these double uploads
guys we're coming in hot with that
grandma coming in hat last night I was
talking to Elliot about games that I
used to play you guys all have those
memories and those things that you just
loved and will always remember like
vividly I don't know if you guys have a
favorite game when your kid and or still
like it but this one story got brought
up and it's a pretty cringey story if
you think of it I was only 11 or 12 at
the time I could have been 13 for all I
know you guys all obviously know what
the game runescape is ruin escapes out
that game you can't talk shit about that
game that game was the fucking shit even
though you could play it free I paid for
that shit always for membership on like
two or three different accounts I
wouldn't fall out just I love the shit
out of that game we honestly didn't even
have a computer until we were like 11 or
12 so we'd always have to be playing
runescape at school that's what we like
this so much it was such a it was one of
those things that you wanted to play so
much but you couldn't so when we
eventually got our computer you've heard
the story they'll be shitting my pants
playing runescape this is a little this
a little bit weirder and a little more
cringey so when I play that game like
when I was a kid I had the biggest
imagination i would like literally think
i was actually in the game so back to
the sort of member vote 11 told me of my
brother we would both take turns on our
runescape account it was the stupidest
name was like her last name makes with a
few numbers and stuff it was like your
average a random game or take whatever
you call it runescape ID we were the
biggest noob at that game honestly like
we didn't know what was good what was
bad what we should be wearing we just
want to look cool we want to get armor
we wanted to just kill things level up
and just have fun we didn't know what
stats a train we just literally played
the game for fun and it was so fun some
of our friends from school played but
they were all higher levels on us
because they played the game for a
couple years of for us because they
actually had computers we got the game
little late so we usually just played by
ourselves and met people in the game and
chat it over to them no remember we were
only 11 or 12 so let's chat into these
people oh we didn't know any better I
didn't hold any better in character
creation you can either become a female
or a male and you can customize your
character to look like the stupidest
pixelated cool fucking whatever you want
to call it character so our character at
this long light hair we were like I was
obsessed with elves because the lord of
the rings I tried to make it look like
Legolas didn't really want to say the
sword cuz it was pretty fucking
embarrassing i'm just thinking how i'm
gonna tell you guys it because it was in
gained this virtual reality world that I
honestly thought like I was a part of so
I don't know how it happened but I met
this girl in the game
I could have been a fucking dude for all
I know I was 11 I was typing away
châtelet with her being friends soon
quests together just slaying goblins
kill and all wounds collecting that gold
so we could have a future together well
little did I know that we have oh my god
what the fuck you're not fucking serious
I thought I was hitting a triple
headshot oh my god here we go get one
kill
with it game wanna kill I cold it out
right there but I've totally fucked up
on that man I thought I was getting quad
head chef eat there to be honest I'm
trying for the life of me to remember
what this girl's name was in the game if
it even was a girl it could have been a
fucking dude like a 30 year old dude and
I didn't know let's just pretend she was
my age and was this cute little
elementary school crush kind of thing
but in this virtual virtual reality
world of runescape boo just go on quests
together with level up together I think
we I would give her armor and stuff and
she would cook me food and all this
stuff if you played the game you know
what I mean if you think about it you
could basically live your life in that
game we weren't addicted to it but we
were I'd such a big imagination that
like I felt like I was in the game and I
was having a blast it i would wake up in
the morn and want to go play and see if
she was online or anything and as weird
as it sounds for some reason i didn't
get feelings for this girl or anything
but it was like a little crush kind of
thing in the game and we ended up
getting married mary did the game so
guys I was engaged and married at one
point in my life I was 11 years old
married on runescape to this person that
I did not know but fought like I fucking
knew her in the game I try to think what
the hell was going through my head that
I just thought it was right and that I
actually wanted to marry this person in
the game I remember I was nervous and
like my face will get all red and stuff
and it was just oh boy i'm getting the
register of it now this wedding went
down in the game where you could
actually hold flowers in the game and
they were like weapons like you can just
hold him in your hand like weapons i
gave her flowers she gave me flowers and
we got married we looked our best we
went to like this really fancy church in
the game and got married and I remember
my mom saw it happening and she was like
what the hell is going on I'm just she's
probably thinking what the fuck is wrong
with my son what is wrong with him and
why is he getting married to some
fucking girl that could be a dude on the
Internet I never heard this person's
voice or anything but I was just I
imagined that I was a character in the
game and that was an actual girl like my
age or something and I'd fun requested
together we did everything together made
her breakfast made for dinner I was
gonna be a clip right there for you guys
again I was at my grandparents playing
when this happened and they were like oh
they're asking about her and stuffing it
was just so fucking big I was so
embarrassed guys you don't even know
like they saw and they saw what was
going on and
oh my god I didn't want to talk about I
just want to say oh my god because it's
so embarrassing to think about that like
imagine I was doing that right now like
Oh guys I gotta end this cut commentary
and I had to go play runescape because
my life on a runescape needs me to bake
her some bread or go slay some goblins
and some cows and get some beef for
dinner that would just be wild guys we
got married and she just slowly stopped
playing the game and she left me she
left me without a word just shy remember
I was i think i was sad because i
remember seeing that she wants she was
never online i could've got the vibe I'm
but I suck oh boy so she was gone I got
married and she just left me probably
looking for another fucking dude that
better armor than me it was it's just so
embarrassing thing about I totally
forgot about that but it was such a big
part of my life there and I like when I
was that young that I remember it so
vividly and I remember how I felt and
how embarrassed I wasn't it it my pay is
kind of cute me thinking back to that
like what the hell was I doing my lolly
I didn't know any better that game had
so many memories like video games just
brought me so many memories as a kid
because I love video games okay I loved
it man I'm going to start talking you
guys a lot more we've been doing so many
highlight videos lately that I just feel
like I've been connecting to you guys I
want you guys to like be on a personal
level with my brother and I and I love
explaining all these stories let you
guys know like just about our life I
just want to be able to connect to you
guys let you guys know how I'm always
feeling without always having to do a
vlog or something vlogs are fun but I
don't like doing vlogs unless bits up
there's something wild happening and
like it's a super exciting vlog I don't
like boring you guys but if you guys
enjoyed that story I want to hear more
runescape shenanigans and just Ola
random cringey embarrassing cool funny
cute stories about my childhood or my
life or any anything even stuff a recent
and that's happening to my future just
leave a like leave a comment I want to
start connecting to you guys more I want
you guys to know who I am and you guys
can comment any embarrassing stories in
the comments section and maybe i will
read some of them out in the next video
peace out guys
I